[Music]
ten creatures that proved superpowers
actually exist in real life
superheroes we dressed like them for
Halloween oh you do that every day sorry
we used to put their posters all over
our rooms we want to be like them but we
know they're not real
they're only found in comic books and
movies right not exactly some incredible
superpowers already exist in the world
super powers like living forever
surviving without oxygen and imitating
any sound like me oh that wasn't me
bright side found some creatures with
abilities that are even more surprising
funny weird and sometimes disgusting
than any superhero make sure to watch
this video till the end you don't want
to miss the proof zombie apocalypse
could be something very real do you
counting down from number 10 immortal
jellyfish yeah you got it right immortal
not bad for a superpower to start with
right jellyfish might have no hearts or
brains but they are super efficient
swimmers saving energy while traveling
for miles and they can live forever the
immortal jellyfish begins its life as a
tiny free swimming blob called a plan
Tila which grows into a colony of polyps
and then develops into a jellyfish if
its attack is exposed to environmental
stress or simply become sick or old it
can revert to the polyp stage forming a
new polyp colony which makes it immortal
imagine a chicken that could go back
into the egg phase hey I've been known
to go back into my shell mhm
this is a whole new version of the
circle of life isn't it
number nine naked mole-rat the skin of
these rodents doesn't have any substance
P responsible for mammals for sending
pain signals to the central nervous
system as a result naked mole-rats feel
no pain this rat is also known for its
extremely high resistance to cancer
thanks to Jean P 16 naked mole rats can
live ten times as long as a mouse are
you impressed already well that's not
all recent studies prove they can
survive without oxygen mole rats like a
good company and appreciate family time
so they live in colonies in East Africa
like any other moles they live under the
ground imagine 200 moles in a crowded
space with little oxygen Xie I think I
went to that party anyways they had no
other choice but to find a different way
to create energy an experiment has shown
that they can survive up to 18 minutes
with no oxygen whatsoever and once it
was back they recovered as if nothing
had happened
number 8 tardigrade have you ever seen a
red Alice in Wonderland if so this
tardigrade must look like a certain
someone to you the caterpillar that's
right it was quite amazing as well
because it could smoke hookah but this
one is way more powerful these little
near microscopic animals are considered
nature's toughest creatures as it is
almost impossible to kill them with
eight legs and hands with claws they can
live basically anywhere sucking algae
juice lichens and moss and they can
survive anything they can handle super
extreme conditions temperatures from
minus 458 to 300 degrees Fahrenheit
pressure of up to 40,000 kPa enormous
lehigh radiation the vacuum of open
space they can go without food or water
for more than 30 years scientists from
Harvard and Oxford University suppose
even if asteroids hit the earth or a
supernova blast will ruin it
tardigrades will still survive in a
world with no humans at all which brings
us to number seven Harry Potter I mean
Harry frog if you think the key
superpower of the hairy frog is to freak
you out
you're wrong try to ignore its hair hard
we know and pay attention to its
cat-like claws in fact they are nothing
like cats
this frog can break its bones to grow
claws which are technically not true
claws because they're made of bone not
keratin normally each claw is resting
inside the fingers but if the Frog is
distressed or under attack it can force
knife like sharp claws through the skin
breaking the bones just like Wolverine
hey you've seen the movie right some
people in Cameroon are brave enough to
hunt roast and eat those but even the
African hunters tend to avoid their
sharp claws weapon and use machetes and
long Spears to avoid any close physical
contact with this amphibian number six
mantis shrimp seafood anyone you might
want to try it but this one can fight
you back this shrimp has a very serious
weapon powerful hammer like claws which
are not only extremely sharp but can
also accelerate with a speed of 53 miles
per hour or 23 meters per second from a
standing start scientists have to keep
them in thick plastic cages because some
larger species are capable of smashing
through a glass aquarium just like in
dozens of Hollywood movies where aliens
or some weird creatures are kept in a
separate super protected room for
research and then BOOM
they literally break free run Forrest
run oops wrong movie number five mimic
octopus what do you know about octopus
they have a Clegg's that's right is it
the first thing that came to your mind
like this video if we guessed it right
they are yummy when eaten true also they
have an awesome talent for blending in
with their environment to protect
themselves from all evil the mimic
octopus however is even
than that he's not exactly the largest
of them all just two feet overall in his
adult phase but he went above and beyond
with his imitation talents and can
impersonate other local species they are
capable not only of changing their skin
color and texture but also copy the
typical behavior and shape of various
objects and animals if they had stand up
comedy shows in the underwater world the
mimic octopus must be the king of them
number 4 platypus
this unusual duck-billed beaver-tailed
otter footed animal is the only mammal
that lays eggs instead of giving birth
to live cubs platypuses yes that's the
plural have a sixth sense
electrolocation which allows them to
sense electrical signals they're able to
detect and locate different levels and
movements of an electrical field and
avoid its source such as a shark then it
simply swims away before being spotted
wouldn't it be cool to be more like the
platypus and feel your boss coming so
you can disappear before he or she is
there magically dreams number three cRIO
Suren a leaf beetle do you also think
this is the scariest looking creature on
the list
it might seem he has just consumed a
little human brain but it does not eat
humans don't worry this insects larvae
has found the grossest way to defend
themselves they cover themselves with
their own excrement to avoid being eaten
yes they use a fecal shield for
protection can't you just see the next
superhero movie oh that asteroid is
going to hit the earth time to deploy my
fecal shield Oh
pooper man you've saved this again
number two fleet have you ever met
anyone who would say I love fleas me
neither
gross and annoying are the words mostly
used to describe them however it doesn't
mean they're totally talentless or
there's nothing cool about them fleas
have been around for a
hundred million years they live for two
to three months and there are more than
2,000 types and kinds of them
not enough for a superpower okay there
is one more thing their legs are perfect
for jumping a flea can jump up to seven
inches or 18th centimeters in height and
up to 13 inches or 33 centimeters in
length which makes the flea the Olympian
jumper of all known animals relative to
its body size yeah but they're still
icky and number one Lyrebird the queen
or king of our list
it doesn't look scary at all unlike many
other creatures we mentioned but its
superpower is beautifully terrifying
some birds are known for being able to
imitate various sounds but this one can
copy almost any sound chainsaws fire
alarms camera shutters or even trains
they make effective use of their fun
voice in their courtship rituals in fact
the ritual itself would be amazing even
with no voice whatsoever the male liar
bird uses scratched earth to make a
display mount 35 inches wide and 5
inches high they can make 10 to 15 of
those and move from one to another to
show themselves in their full glory to
the opposite sex they spread their tail
and sing for 20 minutes to impress the
ladies so romantic isn't it a liar bird
is a cool replacement for a talking
parrot or a live soundtrack for any
movie these birds actually sometimes
live right next to humans so next time
you hear a train in your garden that
could be a liar bird or it could be the
Polar Express here's our bonus
cordyceps the zombie making fungus time
for the mind-blowing bonus we promise to
share the zombie making fungus this
mushroom has the most unusual ability to
grow inside other insects bodies boom
its spores attack an insect
caterpillar a spider or an ant replace
the host tissue with its own and then it
shoots stems that grow outside of the
body by this time the insects tissue is
completely overwhelmed by the fungus in
other words it's not an ant anymore but
an ant shaped cordyceps like an alien
apocalypse sweet dreams
remember never underestimate mother
nature it's hard to believe what these
creatures are capable of their powers
would make any sci-fi superheroes
jealous so would you want to have any of
the superpowers these creatures can
boast of share your opinion in the
comment section if you learn something
new like this video and let us know
subscribe to our channel to join us on
the bright side of life
[Music]
you